From Hanselman it's dot com
it's Hansel minutes. Or we
leave discussion with web developer
and technologists. Scott Hanselman posted
by call Franklin. This is
Lawrence Ryan announcing show number 14,
recorded Monday, April 17th, 2006. Support for
Hanselman. It is provided by
COVID Smith tools, makers of
coach Smith, an extensible template
based code generator for.net. And
you can get a hundred
bucks off with coupon code
H M 100, just for
listening to Hansel minutes online@covidsmithtools.com.
Support is also provided by
Peter bloom.com started with better
controls finish with better sites
online@peterblumdotcomandby.net developers journal the world's
leading.net developer magazine online at
www dot  dot com.
In this episode, the focus
is cogeneration . Hey, it's
Carl Franklin here again with Scott
Hanselman for another great episode
of Hansel minutes. Hi Scott,
how are you doing this
week? How are you, sir?
I'm doing all right. Great
cogeneration. That's what we're here
to talk about What it's
all about. I was going
to generate the whole show,
but I just couldn't get
the speech synthesis to work
correctly. So I'm here. Very
good. So how'd you get
started with cogeneration? Well, about
five years ago, when I
started here at Carilion, we
had what I call a
third class access layer into
our application. Basically, we had
one function that was like
the dot execute function, just
like SQL server has got
a dot execute, right? You
basically pay all this money
for the SQL server license
and you get dot execute,
and then you can put
in whatever magic string that
you want, you know, select
star from whatever. And then
people will build a second
class interface on top of
that. That's what I think
it was ado. You're not
passing strongly typed objects around,
you're passing an object, like
an object of type bowl.
Like I think of a
dataset as being a bowl.
It's not really something, right.
I could give you an
author or I could give
you an employee or show
you an account with a
data set. It's like, it's
a bowl that you put
an object right inside. Right.
But the problem with those
kinds of interfaces, like the
third class one where you
passing a magic string or
the second class one, like
a dataset is that you
really don't know things are
going to break until you
compile. Yes. So we built
that second class and then
code generated a first class
interface on top of our
dot execute method, because what
happened at Karelian is that
we had a really fantastic
runtime environment, but we had
a lousy development environment and
we really wanted to take
advantage of IntelliSense. It seems
like a silly thing, but
IntelliSense means developer productivity. But
it also means if the,
if the environment enough to
give you IntelliSense, then the
compiler will know enough to
throw an error. Yeah. If
someone changes a data type
or renames a property, I
want it to break immediately.
Right? So we kind of
adopted a break early break
often way of thinking. If
so, we do a lot
of cogeneration based on custom
XML schemas, and we annotate
those Schemos with additional information.
So we actually have schema
with stuff that's along for
the ride, other attributes. So
we're not using excess D
dot exe. We needed something
a little more complicated and
we ended up turning to
code Smith. And I've got
a little bit of information
about how we use code
Smith up on my blog.
You can just go to
my blog and search for
COVID Smith has I think
at least a dozen different
articles about this kind of
stuff over the last several
years. Just a note, by
the way about the, you
know, the sponsorship of the
show is by code Smith
tools. And the reason is
that we wanted to do
a show on co-generation. We
thought, you know, Oh yeah,
we could, we could ask
COVID Smith if they want
to be a sponsor because
we use their stuff. So
it just was fortuitous that
it worked out that way.
Sure. And what today we'll
be talking about not just
COVID Smith talking about cogeneration
in general, but yeah. In
the interest of full disclosure
sponsoring this show and they
also we're we're customers of
them. So we love, we
like coach Smith, right? So
for us, we wanted to
use this XML schema as
a, as a domain specific
language. Cause we wanted to
generate these, these domain objects.
And I've given talks about
this kind of stuff at,
at tech ed. And for
us, it was like I
said, about break early break
off. And like you heard
in the continuous integration show,
we want to be able
to make a change and
have things break because if
it breaks during compile time,
it means it'll be less
likely to break during production
time. Right. So we started
out generating just these domain
objects, pretty basic kind of
stuff. And then we started
getting deeper and deeper into
code gen because really anything
that is repeatable, you might
be looking at as a
potential code generation candidate. Yeah.
So like I recently posted
about code generating data access
layer was coachSmith@shrinks.com slash .
And this was a situation
where we had a fairly
regular database with some very
well-named stored procedures. So based
on the naming of those
stored procedures and some inference
about the underlying table structure.
So if you had like
a get books or retrieve
books or read books type
of a stored procedure, you
probably have a books access
layer, or at the very
least you have an entity
called books that you're trying
to get out of the
system. Right? So we could
then generate a pretty friendly
looking data, access layer using
a cogeneration tool. Now there's
lots of different ones out
there, but we, you happened
to use code Smith in
this particular instance, code Smith
is kind of like, I
look@itaskindoflikeasp.net. Because if you look
at the code that you
write in code Smith, it's
a lot like when write
an asp.net page where it's
all in one on one
page, if you look@anasp.net page,
there's that little thing at
the top with the angle
bracket percent and the different
declarations at the top code
Smith has got declarations like
that. And you remember an
asp.net, you'd write some like
HTML and then you'd say
less than percent and you'd
go, here's some code and
then you'd close it up.
So basically you had this
little yellow area, which was
the jump into code and
then jump out. Right? So
COVID Smith is like that.
Their markup language looks exactly
like writing ASP, either classic
APRA, asp.net, where you'll say
public class. And then you'd
jump into a cogeneration snippet
and you might say public
class and then say less
than percent. And then here's
where class name happens and
maybe class name is an
input parameter. Okay. So we
wanted our data access layer
to say something like using
some database equals new database
and then say, read, read
author, read Fu and where
the name of the database
and the reading of the
what right? Reading Fu re
reading of this particular now
were unknown. So in our
template and all that's up
there@drinksor.com slash E four zero,
our code Smith class says
public class. And then we
jump into the code Smith
area and we say, source
database.name. And then we can,
that generates the, the name
of that particular class. So
it's almost as if you're
writing the code and then
every once in a while
you jump into the, and
here's where something gets generated
from some input. Yeah. Okay.
Now at a very simple
level, that's really just kind
of, you know, doing a
search and replace, right? You
could do the same thing
with any basic templating language.
It's real similar to like
C plus plus templates. And
some of the stuff that
Chris cells did long time
ago with his gen X
tool, which was actually ahead
of its time. But what's
cool about coach Smith is
that you can have arbitrary
large complex data types come
in. It's not just about
saying here's a string and
here's an ant and do
some search and replace. They
include a thing called a
schema Explorer where they basically
give you a Dom over
the database. Huh? So you
could say for each schema
in source database dot commands
and then have a function
for each of your stored
procs. So basically rather than
basically you're doing reflection over
your database, right? It's like
using the state of SQL
database management objects. And they've
given you this friendly Explorer
over that input language. So
in this example where we're,
Cogenic something directly from SQL
as many cogeneration tools do,
we're using the SQL introspection
and we're looking at the
database and saying, Oh right,
well, I'm going to have
a class for each table,
or I'm going to have
a method for each store
proc or whatever you want
to do. And they extract
all that away from you.
Awesome. Now they include a
whole bunch of different templates.
But the thing that I
liked the most about coach
Smith is the freeness that
people offer their own templates
up. There's a whole community
about it. There's a really
cool series of templates called.net
tiers and@thecommunitysiteatcovidsmithtoolsatshrinks.com slash E four
nine, and a.net tiers are
code Smith templates to do
our mapping. So then this
will take the existing SQL
server database. And it'll generate
this application block for using
your applications. So this does
all of your, kind of
your crud write, create, read,
update, delete type stuff, recognizes
whether or not a query
uses a foreign key or
a primary key and handles
all that kind of stuff
for you. And it'll generate
web services and all sorts
of stuff. There are a
lot of templates out there
for free. Oh Yeah. There's
a ridiculous amount of templates
for free. Like, like Paul,
Wilson's got this Wilson Orr
mapper. Like if you don't
like, dotnet tears, you want
to do Paul Wilson stuff, then
you can use his stuff.
And he's the, they've got
a fellow who's made templates
for code Smith at, or.com/
there's ones out there
for an hibernate, you know?
So whatever particular or mapper
you're into. Yeah. You can
find potentially coach Smith templates.
Right. Sounds like it's easy
to make the templates too.
Oh, making the templates is
totally easy. The it's it's
pretty straight forward. The, the,
the tricky part is where
is your declaration coming from?
Oh, you're going to be
code generating from the database.
What if the database doesn't
exist? Right. Maybe, maybe you
want to Kogan the database
as well. And that's where
you're going into some really
interesting problems around domain specific
language. What's going to be
the authoritative source of your
domain model. Yeah. Right. So
UML Not really where it's
at. So a lot of
people will write some domain
specific language. You could, That's
another show right there. Yeah.
Domain. Well, we should get
Chris sells. Cause I talked
to Chris cells about that
before on I'm done at
rock rocks, right? Yeah. I
remember I actually, I listened
to that two weeks ago.
Yep. And so you could
write in XML or some
other format, how you want
your model to look, you
could think about your model
abstractly and then generate your
database. Or if you're a
very database focused person and
you want to really tune
the database a certain way,
you could do that. So
it really depends on whether
you want to go from
the top down at the
bottom up. Okay. Now, if
you, if you talked to
Rocky also about the CLSC
stuff, didn't right now, there's
actually a whole series of
templates. I actually didn't know
this. And I got Rocky's
latest book on CLSC in
the mail just a day
before yesterday, I'm at shrink
stir.com/ . So shrinks or.com
there are a series
of vb.net and C-sharp versions
of templates for running within
coach Smith. So You'll be
able to generate the business
objects that he showed us
how to write on DNR
TV a couple of weeks
ago. Exactly. So you're going
to get the, kind of
the Rocky gestalt, his view
of things done as code
Smith templates, The Rocky zeitgeists,
as long as we're using
obscure German words that quoted
by Gerta Very nice. Yes.
The Zen of the Zen
of LACA, that's probably from
taxi. I'm not sure. Yeah.
There's a whole community around
these things up at
dot com slash . And
it's been a really interesting
to watch these, this community
kind of expand over the
years. I remember when it
used to be just, Hey,
here's a cool way to
do strongly type collections. Right.
Right. And now that matters
less and less, but people
are giving you collections of
how to make.net, nuke modules,
all sorts of stuff. And
then now I'm, you know,
Rob Howard, the guy behind
community server is working with
behind ASP net. Well, yeah,
he's a, he's a powerhouse
is supporting code Smith tools
and as a part of
that, that group. Yeah. So
it's pretty cool stuff. So
one of the cool things
that I found out from
you, Carl was that for
Hanselman his listeners, there's actually
a custom coupon code for
a hundred bucks off. What
does that code? Hm. 100.
You can go up and
get a hundred dollars off
of coach Smith professional, which
is pretty awesome. Yeah. The
regular version, I guess the
intro version is 99 bucks
and three 99 for the
professional version. So it's like
25% off. Yeah. It's totally
25% off. Yeah. The professional
version has got like integration
with the IDE. It's got
an API, it's got merging
support. It's got real degeneration.
Now, one of the things
that I really like about
the code Smith from the
continuous integration point of view
is we actually, Regene all
of our code during our
continuous integration. So we've integrated
it with our Nat build.
So the professional edition includes
direct support for the code
Smith API. So we just
built a nap, a nap
task around code Smith, just
called code gen. And we
generate everything all, you know,
every single time that's totally
star Trek, man, is it
star Trek? Totally. We want
to, we really want to
break everything every single time.
We've even, we've even we
dropped the database, Regan, everything
all over and we want
to start our tests nice
and fresh from the very
beginning. Wow. That's great. Yeah.
They've got a pretty cool
a demo on the dotnet
tear stuff on how to
generate a data access layer
in 15 minutes@shrinks.com slash E
four F tier stuff is
kind of cool because it
includes enterprise library integration. Excellent.
Yeah. So Code Smith, the
one size fits all cogeneration
tool. I would say that
there's a commitment to cogeneration,
no matter what tool that
you're using. I know that
it took us a couple
of weeks to really kind
of get it and understand
that code Smith was the,
the middleman between the declaration
that described our objects and
the generated code that we
wanted. We had tried kind
of attempts at co-generation before
using XSLT, but it was
the debugging tools, the integrated
studio, the rich community. I
mean, that was the stuff
that mattered to us, right.
About coach Smith. Anyway, that's
pretty, it's pretty cheap if
you think about it. I
mean, if you generate one
data access layer, it's pretty
much paid for itself. Absolutely.
But you know, things that
are harder to do that,
I probably wouldn't try to
do, like if you wanted
to generate an entire UI,
you totally could, but there's
nothing about MCOs. Smith has
really focused on generation at
the, at the template level.
They support batch generation where
you can actually give it
an XML file and say,
I want these 15 templates
generated in each. You could
generate whole projects. And that's
what the CSA stuff does.
And some of the more
complicated things. Right. But it
doesn't force you to do
things a certain way. It's,
it's very open because it's
open and because it's open,
it is a little overwhelming,
right. When someone says, can
you do that? Yeah, you
can totally do that. You
can do whatever you want
to. Right. So there are
a number of other ones
that are a little, I
wouldn't say less open, but
they give you kind of
more directly out of the
box. Maybe a little more
direction. Yeah. They hold your
hand. Right. I would agree.
That's a very good way
to put it. So like,
one of them that people
just rave about is called
LLB El gen. They rave
about everything except the name
LLB El gen LLB, El
Jen. Okay. And this one
is at trickster.com/e four five,
and has a, a really
cool designer, you know, surface,
you sit down and you
go file new project. And
that seems very cool. It
generates a catalog by looking
at any database. So it
supports like SQL access, whatever
ado. Yeah. Whatever old ADB
database you want to look
at. And then you say,
I want to generate entities.
So then you can say,
well, I want to make
entities based on tables. I
want to make them based
on, on views. And then
like, for example, I'm looking
at a database right now
where I'm going to generate
customer, employee financials and things
like that. Yeah. I can
select each of these rows
and say, all right, I'm
going to generate all that
hit, add to project. And
then a miracle happens and
then fantastic amounts of code
get created. Okay. Now, from
a holding your hand standpoint,
it did everything. It handled
the complete entity generation of
the whole thing. It will
generate code for compact framework.
It'll generate code for visual,
through to you 2003, 2005.
When you say generate, it
says pick a configuration. And
it has these adapters. They're
like 15 different adapters. And
it can be a little
daunting because it's like, you've
got this big dialogue with
a bunch of options and
you say, start generator right
now. When you, what you
get out of the code
is fantastic. You get a
whole complete project done. If
you want to modify it
and change the way the
code gets generated, it can
be a little confusing. So
it's not really template driven
then, or it is, but
the templates are kind of
buried a little bit in
my opinion. But if you
want do just straight or
mapping, like your primary focus
is I want to get
this field map to that
in the database. And you
want to do complex relational
mapping. Like I've got an
object that's going to come
from this table and that
table. And I want to
have custom properties and all
sorts of stuff. It's, it's
pretty powerful people, people rave
about it, but it does
have a definite black box
black box kind of view.
You can get into it.
And, and the, the help
is fantastic. There's a great
deal of help on how
to do it. Messing with
the generated code. I've just
found to be a little,
a little confusing. All right,
well, there's also community behind
it. And the code that
it generates is pretty cool
and you can get different
adapters. So you definitely think
this is worth checking out.
If you're going to be
doing entity relationship mapping, and
you're not too worried about
if you don't really care
about having the absolute control
at the, at the very
low level, right. And you
just want to get a
customer out of a database.
I think that it would
be a really great way
to start. Okay. It's a
different philosophy. I'm not, it's,
it's, it's no it's apples
and oranges. Really. I liked
the API support in code
Smith. I like the ability
to generate my own dowel,
but, but it took me
a week to get into
that, that low level. Once
I did that, though, we
generate user controls. We generate
asp.net pages. We generate custom
to a user controls. We
even generated visual studio addins
with code Smith. I mean,
we went nuts. I mean,
you can generate, we generated
user controls. It's pretty cool.
Cool. This one is really
focused on entity relationship. Alright,
mapping. We get it. Okay.
Now another one that is,
that is free and a
lot less feature rich, but
still pretty cool is called
codas. This is free. It's
by Sean McCormack and it's
at shrinks.com/ . Sean McCormick is
a really cool guy. He
was an actually an Arabic
language translator for the air
force. No kid Cormac is
actually our family name, my
grandmother's name. And that's a
Scottish name, I hope. Huh?
So he has got this
thing called codas. And you
can see that, like I
said, that shrinks.com/ . And
it has the ability to
generate a data access framework
and hibernate frameworks and has
its own kind of weird
funky templating language. That's based
on like pound signs and
stuff, but he generates end
unit tests for the entire
thing. So that's another thing
to think about when you're
doing cogeneration generate everything. You
really should generate the test
as well, generate the tests.
Definitely. I like his stuff
because it comes with his
point of view right out
of the bat. And I've
always liked the way that
Sean, thanks. He's the guy
behind Zane bug, which is
an alternative and unit running
tool and his stuff. He
would generate the visual studio
solution, the end unit test
and the Nat build file
for you and then run
off and nap the whole
thing and build it. So
for people who are in
the end unit Nat, take
a look at at least
at the codes that he
generates and maybe steal it
because it's really nice. Okay.
Now there's a website called
cogeneration.net. Yeah. tracer.com/e foresee. Fantastic
place to just think about
all things gen great resource.
And now we've been talking
about cogeneration that takes some
domain specific language, whether that
be the database itself or
an XML file or whatever,
and generating code, but there
are larger cogeneration frameworks that
will round trip stuff, right.
Where you're going to generate
a whole lot of code,
make a tiny change. And
you want your cogeneration process
to keep track of, Oh,
he added a column. How
am I going to do
the versioning stuff? Yeah. Yeah.
That seems to be the
trick. Right? A very complicated
thing to do, stuff like
that. You want to look
at larger cogeneration frameworks that
are really more sophisticated. They
tend to be a little
more complicated to learn, but
particularly I like declare it
shrinks.com/e four B their chief
architect Andrea's ivr@hisblogisatstringer.com slash E
four D as in David.
And again, their website is
that shrinks your.com/e four B
as in Bob, they've got
a whole philosophy of cogeneration
that is really interesting to
watch. I saw some of
their stuff for their 4.0
beta a while back. And
it was pretty impressed. Their
integration within visual studio 2005
is pretty, pretty sweet. Yeah.
I've been impressed by their
tools as well. And they'll
generate up into the presentation
layer for you. So, and
they're one of the few
ones that you can just
basically point it at an
existing database and they'll just
generate the whole app for
you. Yeah. And it's, it's
pretty cool. And they, they,
they, they build it into
the whole life cycle. So
you'll make a change to
the entire domain and then
region the application. And then
they'll, they'll automatically generate the
scripts for SQL to, to
note that, well, I've, I've
upgraded from one version to
another, so I need to
migrate my data forward. Wow.
Cool. And I thought that
that was a pretty cool,
their integration with the visual
studio is pretty much on
I'm unparalleled, but again, you're
buying into their point of
view to some extent. Well,
I, it sounds like you
have to do that no
matter what tool you choose.
Yeah. You really are. You're
invested The code generator yourself.
Right. But, you know, I
like coach Smith because the
I'm a control freak. Yes.
I really want that very,
very low, low, are we
all? I mean, especially Hanselman
it's listeners. I got imagine.
Yeah. I'm more of a
control enthusiast. I'll freak. And
then of course there's the
Microsoft DSL tools that we've
been hearing about. Oh yeah.
The domain specific language tools
Chris was talking about herself.
Yeah. That stuff is going
to be part of the
whole software factories world. And
the details are@shrinkerdotcomslashefourgasingordonandthewholesoftwarefactoriesconceptofdrinker.com slash E
four I Three visits the
software factories idea. What's that
all about? Well, so there's
the software factors kind of
sounds like someone's just forcing
you to kind of turn
the crank. Doesn't it, That's
great. Just sitting stamping. I
work in a software factory,
stamping out potato chips. So
they say, and I tend
to agree with them that
software factories is really extending
the model driven development and
building. They feel that the
folks on the other side,
right? So the set of
all people who aren't them
like the rational unified process
and all the different model
driven hardcore types are just
a little too inflexible. And
rather than taking that kind
of one size fits all,
they believe that you should
have collections of domain specific
languages. And this was a
lot what we did. I
mean, Karelian the company I
work for. We do financial
services stuff. So when we
were trying to solve the
problem, we wrote a DSL,
a domain specific language that
was specific to finance. All
right. I'm not trying to
solve a generic object, relational
mapping problem. I'm trying to
get bank accounts out of
a mainframe. Sure. So some
of these really broad ways
of thinking about things weren't
specific. So we tried to
build a software factory tailored
towards finance, a series of
tools, design tools, processes, plugins
that were specific to our
domain. So software factories is
kind of less about Microsoft
and more about the little
pieces that you would plug
together to make, make an
application. So Like a domain
specific toolkit maybe. Well, there
you go. Yeah, exactly. And
we're talking about generating more
than just source code, right?
Generating tests, generating config files,
documentation. Oh yeah, totally. Like
at Kirlian we use, we
use code Smith to generate
word ML, you know, that
you can generate XML that
opens in word. Yeah. So
we not only generate that
code word of mouth. Yeah.
We generate not only the
like end doc, we like
run end doc on the
open source tool to build
our documentation, but we generate
wisdom files for web services.
And then we generate word
of mill. So then we'll
take our models and we'll
do self-documenting models. And rather
than having somebody write up
240 pages in word, we
generate all of that. And
that's kind of part of
the whole, the whole factory
right now. The factory is
an ideal. Of course, everyone
knows that the reality is
kind of a MacGyver ask
magic land, like a Rube
Goldberg and thing without, you
know, the man jumps into
the, the, the tub and
then the rats thing fall
down on the bill and
bowling ball. And Yeah. And
when you're nine levels deep,
you say, and why do
we choose to do this?
And that's just, that's just
part of reality. And that's
kinda what the software factory
stuff is trying to acknowledge
that you can't get this
beautiful, perfect thing at a
20,000 foot view. Right. But
if you recognize that this
is a process cogeneration, the
model generating the tests, generally
the database cogent in the
unit testing every database, and
each of those dis perhaps
requires a separate tool you
might use, you know, declare
it to generate your UI.
And you might end up
using code Smiths to generate
some tests. I mean, you
just don't know how your
factory is going to fit
together. But the, the real
question is what is the
D the authoritative source for
what you're trying to solve.
Come back to this. Now,
this is what you start
out with this idea of
the authoritative source. I guess
that's pretty central to the
cogeneration as an idea, In
my opinion, it is, I
I've always felt like you
should be able to throw
away a lot of stuff
and cogent as much as
you can. Yeah. There's actually
a really interesting thing going
on at a guy named
Gareth's blog@shrinksor.com slash . And
he's asking the question, can
you code gen everything? And,
you know, he is decided,
and I would have tendency
to agree with him that
you really can't. I think
the number he came up
with was something like 75%,
you know, who knows. But
I think that if you've
written code twice, maybe it
goes in a library. If
you've written it three times,
maybe it should have been
generated. You know what I
mean? You need to decide
what your rule of thumb
is. But I do know
this with ado, with SQL
and the way that it's
things are going, if you
are not, Cogenic at the
very minimum, your data access
layer. Yeah. You are very
likely wasting some time and
you really ought to take
some time and look at
some of these applications that
allow you to generate your
business object layer. At some
point, whether it be Rocky
stuff or declare it or
codas or code Smith, or,
you know, there, there is
much more interesting problems to
be solved than getting authors
out of database. I agree.
Who's the, who's the genius
behind code Smith. Eric, Eric Smith
has got a blog at
dot com slash E
four E and he is
the guy that basically turned
the whole idea into the
coach Smith tools company. Okay.
Yeah. So Scott, whose blogs
should we be reading when
it comes to cogeneration? Who's
who's thinking about this every
day, Besides the kind of
the portal for cogeneration at
co-generation dot net  dot
com slash E foresee. Definitely
the, the kind of the
grandam of cogeneration will be
Kathleen Dollard and her website@jen.net.com.
That's a shrink stir.com/e four
J she's done a lot
of the really hard thinking
about the problem and, you
know, should, is someone should,
you should definitely be watching.
I think a chief architect
of declare it Andres, I
agree our, his blog at
dot com slash E
four D and then the
guy behind code Smith is
Eric Smith. And his blog is
at shrinker.com/e four E. I
think those are, those are
a good start. I'm sure
I've missed dozens and dozens
of people because cogeneration is
such a huge and exciting
thing to be looking at.
So apologies to those, I
mean, there's tools I could
have covered. You can see
those cool tools@thecogeneration.net Website, but
these are ones that I've,
that I've looked at that
I feel good about. Yeah.
Generate some code is the,
is the, the takeaway for
today. And we should also
mention that, you know, your
blog is a great place
for after show discussions about
this kind of stuff. So,
so go to computers and.com
for the latest on this.
Totally. That would be cool.
Thank you. Alright, well, that's
a show, so thanks for
listening as always, if you
have any suggestions, send them
to us and we'll see
you next week on Hansen
minutes.